docs: [WIP] Add a README with tutorial on how to use the job attachment CLIs (#502)
aws-deadline/deadline-cloud: examples/job_attachments/README.md

# Deadline Cloud Job Attachments CLI "Beta"

## Purpose

Deadline Cloud offers the [Job Attachments](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/deadline-cloud/latest/userguide/storage-job-attachments.html) feature to transfer files back and forth between your workstation and AWS Deadline Cloud. For an indepth look into the Job Attachments feature, please refer to the Job Attachments [developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/deadline-cloud/latest/developerguide/submitting-files-with-a-job.html).

> Where does Job Attachments come into use in the Deadline Cloud job life cycle? 1) Job Submission, 2) Moving data to workers for job execution, 3) Copying job execution output back to the Job Attachments bucket and 4) Downloading Job Outputs.

Reviewer: nit - inconsistent cap
1. `Submission` -> `submission`
2. `Downloading Job Outputs` -> `Downloading job outputs`

Would it be helpful to specify the persona for the action?

Author: Thanks, changed!

In terms of persona, I think only technical members will read this doc. It is unlikely an artist will run the CLIs unless we have a nice button click in the DCM. We can add more details if there's interest.

This README outlines CLIs and Python APIs to interface with each step in the Job Attachment process.

Concepts:
- Content Addressable Storage (CAS) - [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content-addressable_storage)

## TLDR; Quick start

### Creating a Job Attachments manifest "snapshot" to capture files for upload:
```
deadline manifest snapshot \
    --root ./path/to/files \
    --destination ./path/for/snapshot/manifest/ \
    --name data-snapshot \
    --include "*.txt" \                               (Optional)
    --exclude "*.tmp"                                 (Optional)
```

> ### Uploading a manifest file to S3, useful for subsequent job submissions.

Reviewer: nit - `.` -> `:`

```
deadline manifest upload \
    --farm-id farm-12345678123456781234567812345678 \
    --queue-id queue-98765432987654329876543298765432 \
    --s3-manifest-prefix where/to/store/manifests \                         (Optional)
    --json \                                                                (Optional)
    --profile \                                                             (Optional)

>     /path/for/snapshot/manifest/data-snapshot-2024-11-15T15-46-40.manifest

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be output from the command, maybe we can make that explicit?

Author: Its an (Argument), so I'll add it (Argument)

```

### Uploading files captured by Job Attachment "snapshot" to S3:
```

> deadline attachment upload \

Reviewer: One of `--root-dirs` or `--path-mapping-rules` is required, but not both. They're used for determining where the attachments are for upload.

Author: Right! I need to add that.

    --manifests "/path/to/job/attachment.manifest" \

>     --s3-root-uri s3://my-queue/DeadlineCloud \

Reviewer: This is optional too, when not provided, the command would look for the default Queue and use GetQueue to retrieve JA bucket configurations.

Author: Right, I'll mark it as (Optional, farm-id and queue-id) alternative. 

I'll keep the TLDR simple, the examples section can have both.

    --json                                              (Optional)
    --profile                                           (Optional)
```

### Visually show a "diff" of the current directory content against a previous manifest snapshot:
```
deadline manifest diff \
    --root ./path/to/files \
    --manifest /path/for/snapshot/manifest/data-snapshot-2024-11-15T15-46-40.manifest \
    --include "*.txt" \                                   (Optional)
    --exclude "*.tmp" \                                   (Optional)
    --json                                                (Optional)
```

### Creating a "diff" manifest of the current directory content against a previous manifest snapshot:
```
deadline manifest snapshot \
    --diff /path/for/snapshot/manifest/data-snapshot-2024-11-15T15-46-40.manifest \
    --root ./path/to/files \
    --destination ./path/for/snapshot/manifest/ \

>     --name data-snapshot-diff

Reviewer: nit - Let's add `(Optional)` to be consistent with other example in the file

Author: Added the optional include and excludes from above.

```

### Downloading Job Attachment manifest for a Job (All job inputs), or Step (All job inputs and outputs of the step including dependencies)
```
deadline manifest download \
    --farm-id farm-abcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcd \
    --queue-id queue-11111111111111111111111111111111 \

>     --job-id job-22222222222222222222222222222222 \

Reviewer: These are optional too?

Author: farm, queue and job should not be optional? Manifest download keys on the farm, queue and job.

>     --step-id step-33333333333333333333333333333333 \   (Optional)

Reviewer: This command should support a list of step ids for Step-Step dependencies?

Author: No, this is the step to download for, the command line internally takes care of finding the step-step dependency of the argument step.

```
deadline manifest diff \
    --root ./path/to/files \
    --manifest /path/for/snapshot/manifest/data-snapshot-2024-11-15T15-46-40.manifest \
    --include "*.txt" \                                   (Optional)
    --exclude "*.tmp" \                                   (Optional)
    --json                                                (Optional)
```

### Creating a "diff" manifest of the current directory content against a previous manifest snapshot
```
deadline manifest snapshot \
    --diff /path/for/snapshot/manifest/data-snapshot-2024-11-15T15-46-40.manifest \
    --root ./path/to/files \
    --destination ./path/for/snapshot/manifest/ \
    --name data-snapshot-diff
```

### Downloading Job Attachment manifest for a Job (All job inputs), or Step (All job inputs and outputs of the step including dependencies)
```
deadline manifest download \
    --farm-id farm-abcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcdabcd \
    --queue-id queue-11111111111111111111111111111111 \
    --job-id job-22222222222222222222222222222222 \
    --step-id step-33333333333333333333333333333333 \   (Optional)
    --json \                                            (Optional)

>     --profile \                                         (Optional)

Reviewer: When present, the credentials associated with this profile should grant access to the s3 bucket.

Author: Oh great comment - super important info.

Author: Added as note for all CLIs.

Job 

### 3. Reproduce and debug job execution failures.

One of the pain points we have encountered ourselves (and customers) is how to debug a job that is run on the cloud. We need a way to reproduce the environment and run some CLI tests to "change, debug and  iterate" rapidly.

## What CLIs and APIs are offered

### Common features

- All CLIs have an equivalent API with the same input signature. 
- All CLIs also support a `--json` output mode to simplify scripting integration.
- All CLIs which interact with AWS cloud resources support a `--profile` to specify the AWS credentials profile.

### CLI Commands

#### `manifest`
- `deadline manifest snapshot`  
Create a Job Attachment manifest for a folder (root).
- `deadline manifest snapshot --diff`
Createa a Job Attachment manifest for a folder (root) incrementally diffed to an existing manifest.
- `deadline manifest diff`
Render a file folder structure tree showing new, modified and deleted files compared to a manifest.
- `deadline manifest download`

> Download a manifest file from S3. Assumes Deadline Queue Crentials to access S3 bucket.

Reviewer: `Crentials` -> `Credentials`

suggestion - Assumes Deadline Queue Credentials to access S3 bucket, or use profile specified via input.

Author: Great suggestion on --profile! Added and fixed typo.,

- `deadline manifest upload`

> Upload a manifest file to S3. Uploaded manifests can be used for subsequent programatic job sumission.  Assumes Deadline Queue Crentials to access S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload a manifest file to S3. Uploaded manifests can be used for subsequent programmatic job submission.  Assumes Deadline Queue Credentials to access S3 bucket, or use profile specified via input.
```

Author: Updated!
